LKE-13438 Add Cluster Mode notice (#43)
Linkurious/documentation-resources: Customer Support Procedures/LKE-v4.2-migration.md

To re-enable full-text search, you will need to re-index the impacted data-sources. This can be done
in one click from the data-source configuration page.

## Cluster Mode: Fault Tolerance enhancement

> We have reviewed the existing Fault Tolerance guidelines and made a new feature to better support
> in the configuration of a redundant infrastructure. The new feature is identified as [Cluster mode](https://doc.linkurious.com/admin-manual/latest/cluster-mode/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have updated the existing Fault Tolerance guidelines and made a new feature to better support the setup of a redundant infrastructure. The new feature is identified as [Cluster mode](https://doc.linkurious.com/admin-manual/latest/cluster-mode/).
```

***Benefits:***

> * Enhanced system integrity via the new server role (`primary` vs `secondary`) to let the system automatically disable tasks that doesn't need to run concurrently

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enhanced system integrity via the new server role (`primary` vs `secondary`) to let the system automatically disable tasks that cannot run concurrently
```

  without the need of manual configurations
* Enhanced architecture that allows having more than just a single extra backup node
  (despite the technical enablement, a dedicated license discussion is still needed for deploying multiple servers)
* The architecture now supports the possibility to distribute users' connections among different servers that can all be active at the same time
  (read the feature documentation for limitations)

***Impacts:***

> Despite there are no direct impacts on your existing setup, we changed our guidelines and introduced new configurations to use the new feature that requires manual intervention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Despite the lack of direct impacts on existing `Fault Tolerance` setups, we changed our guidelines and introduced new configuration options that requires manual intervention to be enabled.
```

> If you have an old `Fault tolerance` implementation according to our [old documentation](https://doc.linkurious.com/admin-manual/4.1/faq/#how-can-fault-tolerance-be-achieved-), we suggest to implement the new [Cluster mode](https://doc.linkurious.com/admin-manual/latest/cluster-mode/) configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have an old `Fault tolerance` implementation according to our [previous documentation](https://doc.linkurious.com/admin-manual/4.1/faq/#how-can-fault-tolerance-be-achieved-), we suggest you to migrate to the new [Cluster mode](https://doc.linkurious.com/admin-manual/latest/cluster-mode/).
```
